[Autogenerated] Now that we have set up a connection to our databases,
let us see how we can launch sequel queries to it.
For that, I am going to create a fighter in this fight folder,
and I'm going to call it create.
That's equal.
The Sequera filer is a known of filer by Eclipse,
and you see that we have a special editor for those
of sequel fights here we can see, like the connection on this filer.
It is subject my sequel of five that Wanna the name My Sequera
Poor site on the connection to the database.
Prefer site A clips tells us that we are connected
and in the photo commit ______.
So from now on, we can type in a sequel Coda.
So let us create a table called User Way.
The primary key, called I D,
is going to be an end primary key on the photo increment,
then a name which going to be a bar car of 80 for instance,
and an age which is going to be in it.
We can execute this statement directly from within this viola pop up menu.
We have three options are execute all executes,
reacted text or executes directive text as one statement,
Let us choose this.
Warner,
on executing these sequel query automatically opens another view called
the sequel results View with the status off our query.
Our create table juice inquiry has bean successfully executed on the database.
If we check back in the data source Explorer, refresh the stable note.
Now, we indeed have the user table that appears here with the different columns.
We have created letters.
Save this vile er.
Now that we've done that,
we can use our creators a class to create a set off users in our database.
Let us run this class pop up in you Reynosa.
Job application.
Check the consoler.
These message at the end of the executioner is just the execution of the batch.
We have one liner created per batch liner, which is expected.
And now if we check in a data source Explorer,
we can select the table,
pop up menu data and click edit to see the content of the user table
With the four users that we have created in our code.
By the way,
we can also use this table view to interact with the
table and to create detain it.
If I click on new row here, add a user Jenny Fair, 39.
Now Onda Michaela, 21.
All I need to do is say the result.
The message in the sequel results view tells me that the two
insertions have been made a and if I refresh tissue,
the two generated primary keys are are appearing in the I de Colombia of this table.